CASMTRIAGE-3358 - Add SMA Grafana disruption note to upgrade readme. (#1906)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/README.md

## Notes

- **Important:** The SMA Grafana service is temporarily inaccessible during the upgrade.

  During stage 3 of the CSM 1.2 upgrade, the SMA Grafana service will become inaccessible at its previous DNS location. It will
  remain inaccessible until the upgrade to SMA 1.6.x is applied. This is because of a change in DNS names for the service.

> - Service request adjustments made for small systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Service request adjustments made for small systems:

```

## Notes

> - **`Important:`** The SMA Grafana service is temporarily inaccessible during the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Important:** The SMA Grafana service is temporarily inaccessible during the upgrade.
```

> During stage 3 of the CSM 1.2 upgrade, SMA's Grafana service will become inaccessible at the previous DNS location until the upgrade to SMA 1.6.x is applied. This is due to a change in DNS names for the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During stage 3 of the CSM 1.2 upgrade, the SMA Grafana service will become inaccessible at its previous DNS location. It will
remain inaccessible until the upgrade to SMA 1.6.x is applied. This is because of a change in DNS names for the service.
```

## Notes

- **Important:** The SMA Grafana service is temporarily inaccessible during the upgrade.

> During stage 3 of the CSM 1.2 upgrade, the SMA Grafana service will become inaccessible at its previous DNS location. It will

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  During stage 3 of the CSM 1.2 upgrade, the SMA Grafana service will become inaccessible at its previous DNS location. It will
```

> remain inaccessible until the upgrade to SMA 1.6.x is applied. This is because of a change in DNS names for the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  remain inaccessible until the upgrade to SMA 1.6.x is applied. This is because of a change in DNS names for the service.
```

- Service request adjustments made for small systems:

> For systems with only three worker nodes (typically Testing and  Development Systems (TDS)), prior to proceeding with this upgrade, CPU limits **MUST** be lowered on several

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  For systems with only three worker nodes (typically Testing and  Development Systems (TDS)), prior to proceeding with this upgrade, CPU limits **MUST** be lowered on several
```

> services in order for this upgrade to succeed. This step is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  services in order for this upgrade to succeed. This step is
```

> executed automatically as part of [Stage 0.4](Stage_0_Prerequisites.md#prerequisites-check). See [TDS Lower CPU Requests](../../operations/kubernetes/TDS_Lower_CPU_Requests.md) for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  executed automatically as part of [Stage 0.4](Stage_0_Prerequisites.md#prerequisites-check). See [TDS Lower CPU Requests](../../operations/kubernetes/TDS_Lower_CPU_Requests.md) for more
```

## Notes

- **Important:** The SMA Grafana service is temporarily inaccessible during the upgrade.

  During stage 3 of the CSM 1.2 upgrade, the SMA Grafana service will become inaccessible at its previous DNS location. It will
  remain inaccessible until the upgrade to SMA 1.6.x is applied. This is because of a change in DNS names for the service.

- Service request adjustments made for small systems:

> For systems with only three worker nodes (typically Testing and  Development Systems (TDS)), prior to proceeding with this upgrade, CPU limits **MUST** be lowered on several

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For systems with only three worker nodes (typically Testing and  Development Systems (TDS)), prior to proceeding with this upgrade, CPU limits **MUST** be lowered on several
```

  services in order for this upgrade to succeed. This step is

> executed automatically as part of [Stage 0.4](Stage_0_Prerequisites.md#prerequisites-check). See [TDS Lower CPU Requests](../../operations/kubernetes/TDS_Lower_CPU_Requests.md) for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  executed automatically as part of [Stage 0.4](Stage_0_Prerequisites.md#prerequisites-check). See [TDS Lower CPU Requests](../../operations/kubernetes/TDS_Lower_CPU_Requests.md) for more
```

> information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  information.
```
